# Thesis webpage

## Incremental 3D Line Segment Extraction for Surface Reconstruction from semi-dense SLAM

### Abstract:
In this thesis, we propose to simplify the point clouds generated by semi-dense SLAM using three-dimensional (3D) line segments.
Specifically, we present a novel incremental approach for 3D line segments extraction.
This approach reduces a 3D line segment fitting problem into two two-dimensional (2D) line segment fitting problems, which take advantage of both image edge segments and depth maps.
We first detect edge segments, which are one-pixel-width pixel chains from keyframes.
We then search 3D line segments of each keyframe along their detected edge pixel chains by minimizing the fitting error on both image plane and depth plane.
By incrementally clustering the detected line segments, we show that the resulting 3D representation for the scene achieves a good balance between compactness and completeness.
Our experimental results show that the 3D line segments generated by our method are highly accurate in terms of the location of their end points.
As an application, we demonstrate that these line segments greatly improve the quality of 3D surface reconstruction compared to a feature point based baseline.

###Some background knowledge
####SLAM:
1.Sparse SLAM
2.Dense SLAM
3.Semi-dense SLAM

####Surface reconstruction from Sparse SLAM
Space carving, Delaunay triangluation, Viewing ray

####Target: real-time surface reconstruction from semi-dense SLAM

As semi-desne SLAM system are progressing in the field, we try to utilize their resulting point cloud to improve the reconstructed surface.

It is not easy to perform surface reconstruction on massive semi-dense point clouds.
It is especially chanllenging as we are targetting real-time performance.

A key point to reduce the time required for surface reconstruction is to reduce the number of points.

However, simply reducing the number of points will also reduce the quality of the surface.

Therefore, here we need a smart way to reduce the number of points while keep the structure of the surface similar.

We can observe that the surface can be approximately reconstructed by a small set of carefully selected points from all semi-dense points.

Similar to what happened when a mesh model is simpified, a coarse approximation can be achieved by selecting points 

Here we followes the assumption that: the endpoint of a 3D line segment is more likely to be a 










